[DO-593] update sections on BNO/Participant onboarding (#31)
gevamu/gevamu.github.io: content/3.workflow/2.BNO-onboarding.md

1. The PSP provides HTTPS endpoint details, and assigns a Network ID to the BNO.
2. The BNO provides HTTPS endpoint details to the PSP.

::notice{info}
HTTPS endpoint details designate a REST API configuration where:

1. the payment initiation requests are sent to
2. status updates are reported to
::

> 

Reviewer: This notice contains the same information as in the list but in other words. I guess these details should be added right into the list.

> 1. The PSP provides HTTPS endpoint details, and assigns a Network ID to the BNO.
> 2. The BNO provides HTTPS endpoint details to the PSP.
> 3. The BNO sets up the Payments Gateway as a node within their Corda network (Gevamu Payments Gateway binaries are provided by Exactpro) using configuration details exchanged previously.
> 4. The exchanged HTTPs endpoint details designate 
>     - the PSP's REST API configurations to which the payment initiation requests are sent to
>     - and Gevamu Payment Gateway's EST API configuration to which status updates are reported to
> 

Reviewer: I meant something like that

```suggestion
1. The PSP provides HTTPS endpoint details (payment initiation requests destination), and assigns a Network ID to the BNO.
2. The BNO provides HTTPS endpoint details (status updates destination) to the PSP.
3. The BNO sets up the Payments Gateway as a node within their Corda network (Gevamu Payments Gateway binaries are provided by Exactpro) using configuration details exchanged previously.
```
